Update README (#8)
qutip/qutip-qip: README.md

# qutip-qip

The qutip-qip package used to be a module ``qutip.qip`` under [QuTiP (Quantum Toolbox in Python)](http://qutip.org/index.html).

> From QuTiP 5.0, the community has decided to reduce the size of the core QuTiP package for reducing the external dependency and ease of maintenance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From QuTiP 5.0, the community has decided to decrease the size of the core QuTiP package by reducing the external dependencies, in order to simplify maintenance.
```

> Hence a few modules are separated from the core QuTiP and become QuTiP family packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hence a few modules are separated from the core QuTiP and will become QuTiP family packages.
```

They are still maintained by the QuTiP team but hosted under different repositories in the [QuTiP organization](https://github.com/qutip).

The qutip-qip package, QuTiP quantum information processing, aims at providing basic tools for quantum computing simulation both for simple quantum algorithm design and for experimental realization.

> Compared to other libraries for quantum information processing, qutip-qip put additional emphasis on the physics layer and the interaction with the QuTiP package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compared to other libraries for quantum information processing, qutip-qip puts additional emphasis on the physics layer and the interaction with the QuTiP package.
```

The package offers two different approaches for simulating quantum circuits, one with `QubitCircuit` calculating unitary evolution under quantum gates by matrix product, another called `Processor` using open system solvers in QuTiP to simulate noisy quantum device.

Installation
------------
To install the package, download to source code and run
```
    pip install .
```
under the directory containing the ``setup.py`` file.

If you want to edit the code, use instead
```
    pip install -e .
```

Support
-------

> This package is supported and maintained by the same group as QuTiP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package is supported and maintained by the same developers group as QuTiP.
```

[![Powered by NumFOCUS](https://img.shields.io/badge/powered%20by-NumFOCUS-orange.svg?style=flat&colorA=E1523D&colorB=007D8A)](https://numfocus.org)
[![Unitary Fund](https://img.shields.io/badge/Supported%20By-UNITARY%20FUND-brightgreen.svg?style=for-the-badge)](http://unitary.fund)

QuTiP development is supported by [Nori's lab](http://dml.riken.jp/)

> at RIKEN, by the University of Sherbrooke, and by Aberystwyth University,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
at RIKEN, by the University of Sherbrooke, by Chalmers University of Technology, by Macquarie University and by Aberystwyth University,
```
